---
title: "New to Beyond Nebula?"
bg: white
color: black
fa-icon: check-square-o
---


### Beyond Nebula - The Expedition





### Introduction

This is a 4x type of game (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit and eXterminate) and presents cool design features in order to stablish a quick connection between players and the game itself.

The game comes in the format of 2 players game pack - ready to play. If you enjoy to develop your own strategies to defeat the oponent then this is the right game for you. 

### Story Line

Introduction:

In the year is 2200, Earth faced one of its worst crises yet. High levels of pollution and carbon oxide emissions have caused dramatic changes in the atmosphere over the years that made even breathing a trying task. Bioengineers desperately tried to remake and breed animal species long made extinct by Humanity’s actions to feed its population. The planet has been gradually weakened as the consumption of natural resources ramped.

The Organization:

The strive for survival under harsh conditions became daily as civil wars broke out across the globe between the Organization and the rest of Humanity. The deaths of millions gradually gave way to the rise of the Organization as a powerful empire. Seeing they were fighting a losing battle, the world’s most influential individuals began to defect. The masses were subjugated, but many of the still fighting insurgents found ways to survive underground. They began cultivating crops and orchards in small greenhouses to keep themselves fed. Several self-sustaining communities called “sectors”, spread across the planet formed over time.

Humanity, left behind:

The Organization scoured the galaxy for another planet similar to Earth to colonize, over the course of several years. When a suitable candidate was found, they set out to build a spaceship capable of taking them there. Once finished, the Organization’s members boarded, and departed, leaving the rest of Humanity behind.

Hope reborn:

An unexpected turn of events took place on Earth, however. In sector B-12, during the excavation of a tunnel, an enormous cave was uncovered. In it, lay a hidden space-faring ship, in a state of extreme disrepair, but much more technologically advanced compared to anything else on Earth. After some exploration of its insides, the main control room was found. The news spread quickly and the discovery caused shock to spread through the sector’s population. It was agreed on to restart the spaceship’s systems, and search for answers as to what would have brought it to this planet. The strange display across the spaceship’s main bridge was revealed to be a detailed map of the galaxy, and its navigation plan was uncovered. The route connected Earth to an undocumented starting point beyond a faraway nebula.

The Expedition:

After reporting the strange spaceship’s existence to the remaining sectors, talks began to give such a groundbreaking discovery a purpose. After several debates, it was finally agreed on that the spaceship represented the hope of finding a better future across the stars, and Humanity accepted the risk brought from an outer contact. Reparations began, and quickly enough, the spaceship was employed on an expedition, course charted to its origin.
